# awesome-repository
My first journey to coding
I have very little knowledge or almost close to nothing experience in coding/programming. I think this will be a wonderful and exciting start! My name is Neil Patrick and Im here to make changes. Changes in my life, changes in my work and habit and changes on how I should see my self and my future. I hope Github will help me on my way to make this awesome changes.  Ive been passive lately,Ive been working with boring and meanigless job for most of my working years 5 years and 6 months to be exact! and It takes me this long to decide and finally make bigtime awesome changes. So during those years im still figuring out what should I do with my life, I dont like my job or much better if I say I hate it. I think most of us share the same sentiment were doing the jobs that we dont like and we care less about. We are doing it simply because we dont have choice and provides us false comfort the sad reality.  
Everyone  of us has breaking point though, well this is the breaking point!. Its funny that we only make bold decisions when we are totally squeezed out.  Ive been living within this tiny fragile shell my whole life.  That is how I summed up my life right now.  This tiny fragile shell has been my illusion, Ive been living this years from illusion of permanent comfort and false sense of security until it awww snaps! As they say you can never grow and be somebody until you get out of your comfortzone. That my tiny fragile shell, my work, my 8-5 job has been my comfortzone and until it awwww snaps! I have reach my breaking point and its the perfect time for me to do something. This is the time to be bold, the time to do finally what I want in life and to chase my dream.
